# Nico MP3 -- Automatic download and convert to mp3 in Top Nicovideo Ranking

__OWN YOUR RISK__

## Infomation

* This tool is optimized for VOCALOID.
* If video name contains VOCALOID names, this tool will put to artist tag in ID3.


## Requirements

* nicovideo gem.

    Nicovideo gem has some problems, so run this:

    `gem install http://github.com/sorah/ruby-nicovideo/raw/master/pkg/nicovideo-0.1.8.gem`

* id3lib-ruby gem.

    `gem install id3lib-ruby`

## License

MIT Licence

(c) Sora Harakami 2010

>  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
>    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
>    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
>    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
>    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
>    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
>    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
>    all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
>    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
>    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
>    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
>      AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
>      LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
>    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
>      THE SOFTWARE.

## How to use

1. write config (yaml)
2. run `ruby /path/to/nicomp3.rb /path/to/config_file`
3. yam! :-)

## Config File (Example)

    mail: your_accounts_mail
    password: your_accounts_password
    tmpdir: temporary_directory
    mp3dir: mp3_directory
    ffmpeg: path_to_ffmpeg
    method: ranking_method
    span: ranking_span
    category: ranking_category

* mp3 will saved in mp3dir
* mp3dir will wipe before convert. please move file which you need.
* tmpdir will delete automatically before exit.
* tmpdir will created automatically before convert.
* Niconico ranking url includes method, span and category.

    http://www.nicovideo.jp/ranking/__fav__/__daily__/__vocaloid__

    http://www.nicovideo.jp/ranking/__METHOD__/__SPAN__/__CATEGORY__

### Optional

    proxy:
      host: proxy_host
      port: proxy_port
    max: max_videos # optional

* Proxy can use for nicocache, etc...
* max can change max videos. default 10.
